The year: 238 BCE.
Now, before the royal Chin mausoleum,
we hereby recognize Ei Sei
as he formally takes up
the sword and crown!
At the same time, there was
an uprising in the nation of Ai.
Let's go.
The uprising was quelled,
along with the years-long power struggle
with its mastermind, Ryo Fui.
I see.
And I...
I have lost.
At long last, Ei Sei possessed
true authority over Chin.
So
In So that same year,
King Kou Retsu passed away suddenly,
and on top of that...
Shun Shin Kun was assassinated.
These incidents gave rise to
an unexpected development,
Monsters Take the Field
news of which reached
Kanyou a month later.
So Ka Rin has been installed
as So's new chancellor.
This two-chancellor interim system
is wholly unexpected.
Our spies tell me their court
has already been put in order.
Unbelievable. All that discord, resolved
in little more than a month...
This Ri En fellow may be
shrewder than we thought.
I believe so.
And unlike the former
chancellor, Shun Shin Kun,
Ka Rin is a warrior through and through--
even outwitting Tou and Mou Bu
in the coalition battle.
She managed to get troops across
Kankoku Pass, so she's clearly a clever general.
So
So after you and Ri Boku of Sho,
now So, too, has elevated a military
genius to the chancellor post.
Yes, though I doubt that alone
can make everything go well for them.
Perhaps we ought to abandon our
plans for a sneak attack on So
and adopt a wait-and-see approach instead.
Indeed. This is not the time to attack.
We should put all our efforts
into bolstering our military might.
Hi
And so, with the invasion of So on hold,
the Hi Shin Force had been dispatched
to the Kokuyou Hills to battle Sho.
Gotcha!
Kyou Kai!
What the hell?!
More tricks up your sleeve, eh?
Hey--
That's the way, lieutenant!
Get 'im!
Ugh, those two are at it again.
You know...
The Kokuyou Hills are pretty huge.
And we're going to attack
the hell out of 'em.
And the Sho general guarding
this region right now...
This battle is too big for
the Hi Shin Force alone.
Any word from our high commander?
Yeah.
Kansui River
Main Army
Hi Shin Force
An army of 50 thousand
sent to conquer Kokuyou
Main Army
Hi Shin Force
has crossed the Kansui River
and is moving east.
Main Army
Hi Shin Force
We're to rendezvous with them.
Main Army
Hi Shin Force
Fifty thousand...
Pretty big army.
Whose is it?
Well...
Hey, whoa, stop!
--A message! A message!
--Liar!
--Who'd send such a sketchy messenger?!
--Message! A message!
This is a message for Shin
of the Hi Shin Force!
A message from O--from O Gi Ko!
It's important!
Oh, no, wait! It's from the bossman!
What the hell...?
Hey, O Gi Ko.
What's this "Go on ahead to Kakumin and
wait for the main army to arrive" stuff?
Kan
They musta got here ages ago!
Hi
Kan Ki Army & Hi Shin Force
Rendezvous Point: Kakumin
They set up this massive
camp and everything!
What the heck?
So that's... the Kan Ki army...
Hear that, gang?
Hi
This general's a total freak who loves
gouging out his enemy's eyes!
I hear he shows no mercy to his
allies, either, so be on guard!
Ga Ro! His messenger is right there!
Oh! O Gi Ko better tell the bossman!
Hi
Hey, boss!
Word is that several squads serving as
reinforcements for Kan Ki have gone missing.
We might be allies, Shin, but
we need to be careful.
Kan
Hey.
Did you see what they're wearing?
Uh-huh.
Measly foot soldiers, and they're
dripping with jewels...
Guess there's truth to those tales
of them looting towns as they pass.
Women! This camp is crawling with women!
They're prostitutes.
What?! H-Here?
The men must have either
summoned some from this area,
or picked them up in
villages along the way.
My, what a hunk!
Huh?
Come on, Bi Hei!
W-Wait! You can't harm prisoners!
Idiot!
They're really nothing
like us, are they, Shin.
Nope.
Women in the main camp, even...
Where's General Kan Ki?
Right here.
Glad you could make it,
Shin of the Hi Shin Force.
Shin!
Hey!
Shin, what are you--
What gives? I'm on your side.
Who is this guy?
Not bloodlust... It's not bloodlust,
but something about him
had me drawing my sword...
He's not a fan, boss.
I nearly got sucked in by those eyes
of his for a second there, but just now...
Everything inside me
instinctively rejected him.
So this... this is Kan Ki!
At ease, soldier.
The former servant and the former bandit.
We're birds of a feather,
so let's make nice.
Kokuyou is huge. I'm truly glad
to have such talented reinforcements.
There's just one thing:
I'm disappointed by what I hear
of the naïve way you operate.
Such nice, upstanding boys you are.
But now that you're here,
you'll follow our way of doing things.
Here, you can pillage, you can
slaughter--anything goes.
We do whatever we want.
Kan Ki!
Whatever it takes...
...to win.
It'll be a good opportunity
for you to mature, too.
Time to learn how the grown-ups
fight, Hi Shin Force.
Welcome to the Kan Ki army.
Kan Ki Army Camp
Hi Shin Force Camp
So? Did you see General Kan Ki's face?
What was he like?
Does he really look like a scoundrel?
I mean, he's definitely scary,
and he gives off a real chill...
But?
Hmm, how should I put this...
But he was so cool, my heart
skipped a beat--and I'm a guy!
Huh?!
Like, a grown man's allure or something?
His eyes are especially compelling...
And he kinda smelled nice, too...
What are you talking about, Bi Hei?
That same General Kan Ki's taken
a liking to the Hi Shin Force,
and he'd like to speak
with one of its members.
Who--
A Kan Ki soldier?!
I think this guy was at their headquarters!
So he's in the general's inner circle?!
General Kan Ki wants to talk?
Yep. Anyone been here a good long time?
I've been here since the beginning.
Shin and I came from
the same five-man squad, too.
Heck, we're from the same town!
Okay, grab a buddy and head on over.
I'm sure they'll have women for you.
Women...
Like, now?
Yep. Right now. The boss hates waiting.
Hang on, Bi Hei.
You have to tell Shin about this!
You wait here. This isn't for kids.
Bi Hei!
Oh, hush! Who cares? We'll be right back!
And don't breathe a word of this to Shin!
C'mon, Kei!
R-Right!
A soldier swap?
It's what we always do.
How can we fight well together
if we don't understand each other?
Besides, the boss's battles
move fast and change often.
You need someone near him who
gets his intentions, or this won't work.
So you'll be joining us?
That's right. I'm Naki,
one of the boss's aides.
You could say I'm a battalion commander.
And never fear: I may be joining you,
but I'll sit quietly on the sidelines.
Do we send him one of ours, then?
Maybe En.
Why me?!
Oh, don't worry about that decision.
That bucktoothed old pal of yours
joined us last night.
Bi Hei?
Now then...
Shall we?
Wh-What's that?
It's coming from the Kan Ki side!
A signal from the boss.
Move out, Hi Shin Force!
Don't let 'em leave us behind!
The Kan Ki army of 50 thousand
plus the Hi Shin Force of eight thousand:
58 thousand troops in total set
out to conquer Kokuyou in Sho.
Sho: Rigan
--Lord Ki Sui!
--My lord!
--May victory be yours!
Lord of Rigan Castle
Ki Sui
Ki Sui's Adjutant
Ryuu Tou
Ba Tei
Is it true that if the Kan Ki army
comes here, we'll all be skinned alive?!
Stop that!
The grown-ups are going to Kokuyou
to fight so that won't happen.
You watch over your mothers and
grandparents, and keep Rigan safe.
Y-Yessir!
B-But...
My father said the Kan Ki
army is really strong!
And if we lose, Kan Ki might
pluck out your eyes...
I-If he does, you can have one of mine!
Mine, too!
And mine!
And mine, too!
With that many eyes,
I do believe I'd be a monster.
Oh, right.
Be strong, children of Rigan.
Yessir, Lord Ki Sui!
Please don't die, Lord Ki Sui!
Don't worry, youngsters.
Ba Tei, sir!
Kan Ki may indeed be a monster,
but our lord is plenty monstrous himself.
And we're expecting one more...
He's here.
It's our commanding general.
Sho
Commanding General of Sho
Kei Sha
Kei Sha Army Lieutenant
Kin Mou
Gaku Ei
Kei
So you are Ki Sui of Rigan.
Sir.
I see now why Ri Boku told me
to fight alongside Rigan.
We give off the same stench, you and I.
You will be my lieutenant.
Understood.
Your quarries are Kan Ki
and Shin of the Hi Shin Force.
70 thousand soldiers in total, Kei Sha's 40 thousand and Ki Sui's 30 thousand,
set out for Kokuyou.
All this dense-ass forest,
as far as the eye can see...
Better to go around it,
despite the time loss.
We can't.
Why not?
Well...
That's our battleground. That's Kokuyou.
We're doin' this in the woods?!
Shin of the Hi Shin Force!
The boss wants to see you!
Strategy meeting, I bet.
What's this?
You always bring women with you?
Hey, it's Shin!
Can't keep your pants on, eh, horndog?
Can it! These are my staff officers!
They both sit in on strategy talks!
Make it snappy, Ma Ron.
Sir.
This way, you three.
Kokuyou is a much larger stretch
of woods than we'd expected.
Our HQ was ordered to capture this region,
but there's no main castle here to conquer.
There are five hills instead.
Ma Ron is speaking. Shut it, brat.
I don't mind.
In fact, you should be quiet, Koku Ou.
What?!
As tactician Ka Ryo Ten
says... it's the hills.
To put it very simply...
In this battle,
if we take all five hills,
victory will be ours.
Take...
the hills...
They look like boobies!
Right, Shin? Don't they look like boobies?
Uh, sure...
O Gi Ko, shoulders.
Oh! Right, right!
So what's the plan?
We make a path through this forest
and loose two arrows:
Rai Do to the left
and the Hi Shin Force to the right.
According to our scouts,
the opposing Kei Sha army has arrived
on the opposite end of Kokuyou.
Kei Sha.
Therefore,
both units must waste no time
forging through the forest,
clashing with the enemy as
deeply within as possible.
Sho
Chin
Central Hill
If you can form a front line in
these woods, no matter the size,
Hi Shin Force
Rai Do's Unit
you will slow the enemy's approach.
Hi Shin Force
Rai Do's Unit
In other words, if you two establish
a front line past the central hill,
Hi Shin Force
Rai Do's Unit
we'll be able to capture three hills
early on with little effort.
Central Hill
Rai Do's Unit
Then we should hurry.
The enemy must be thinking the same thing.
What?!
You're absolutely right.
Rai Do, sir!
The unit's preparations are complete!
Good. I'm off.
We're goin' too, dammit!
Not so fast, former servant Shin.
I'm giving you one half of an
extremely vital role here.
Make damn sure you live
up to my expectations.
Fail and there'll be hell to pay.
Former bandit General Kan Ki,
you just relax and follow
our asses into the fray.
The greatest prize in this battle--General
Kei Sha's head--is mine!
What an idiot.
Okay, Kyou Kai, you're our scout.
Right.
Watch yourself out there.
I was raised in a place like this.
It's no problem at all.
Just one thing for you two to bear in mind:
There's more to this land
than hills to squabble over.
I'll be back.
Ba Tei, sir!
A hill.
Oho.
Must be the one on the inner left,
near the enemy camp.
This is quite the progress.
Ba Tei, sir.
The enemy is up ahead
and advancing right toward us.
Our scouts say that judging by
their flags, it's the Hi Shin Force.
The Hi Shin Force...
You hear that, Ryuu Tou?
Then this is the place.
Yes.
Disembark. Spread out without a sound.
It's swampy underfoot! Be careful!
Dammit, what's with this place?
This deep forest is only gettin' deeper!
You sure we're not moving
too fast, Ka Ryo Ten?
Our ranks are struggling to keep up!
It's fine. We have a ways to go
before we meet the enemy.
We need to hurry. Kyou Kai's scout corps
is all the safety net we can afford.
To the central hill?
Right. General Kan Ki's strategy is sound.
Sho
Chin
Central Hill
That central hill will
make or break this battle.
Hi Shin Force
Rai Do's Unit
Now, can we take it without bloodshed?
That's up to the Hi Shin Force.
Hi Shin Force
Rai Do's Unit
Central Hill
Hi Shin Force
Rai Do's Unit
We've got to set up a front line
beyond that central hill.
Yeah.
Look!
It's the first hill on our side.
It's a lot bigger when you
see it up close, eh?
Yeah...
And we can just pass that by, Ka Ryo Ten?
Sure can!
The Kan Ki army's right flank
will come from behind us to capture that!
We're under attack!
Shin!
Dammit!
They're on our left!
Archers, return fire!
At what?! We can't see 'em!
Then just shoot up that thicket!
Get the shield corps up
front, on the double!
Shin, you okay?
Yeah! You?
I'm fine.
Dammit, how the hell did we
get ambushed on our side?
I'm betting their scouts set it up--I just
never thought they'd made it this far.
The shield corps is here!
All right, follow me!
We're gonna beat the hell
outta those archers!
We don't know how many there are!
Don't chase too far!
The arrows stopped.
The right!
They're on our right, too!
Oh, no! We're completely trapped!
These are no ordinary scouts.
They've got tactical expertise.
It's too dangerous here!
Retreat for now!
Shin!
We're retreatin', Ten?
We'll regroup fast!
Right now let's minimize losses to--
The Stench of the Battlefield
Next on Kingdom: "The Stench
of the Battlefield."